[docs] Update API signatures (#5677)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/switchtopreviouswindow.md

# t.switchToPreviousWindow Method

> Activates the most recent of the previously active windows. Can be chained with other `TestController` methods.

Reviewer: "the most recent of the previously active" This is contradicting

> Activates the most recent of the previously active windows. Can be chained with other `TestController` methods.

Author: ```suggestion
Activates the previously active window. Can be chained with other `TestController` methods.
```
